+++
date = '2025-04-20T00:28:34-03:00'
title = 'Js13k 2021'
cover = "/games/js13k-2021.png"
+++

# Context: js13k game jam

js13kGames is a game jam competition, focused on creating browser games that are no larger than 13 kilobytes when compressed using ZIP. Participants are not permitted to use external services or libraries, and all assets must also fit within the size limit. Games are programmed in JavaScript and HTML5.

This year's theme was *Space*.

# Game: [Space Cowboy](https://js13kgames.com/2021/games/space-cowboy)

Team: Adrian Lissot & friends.

The mission of the [Space Cowboy](https://js13kgames.com/2021/games/space-cowboy) was supposed to be easy: eliminate the target in the cow slaughterhouse, but your target triggered a lava trap before he died!

Using your Space Cow-Boy power, save the cows! Or rush to the end 🚩 and leave them to die.

Controls: WASD/Arrows: move & jump SHIFT: morph to cow / human form SPACEBAR: charge(cow) / shoot(human)

As shown in the game intro: SHOOT butchers with KNIVES CHARGE butchers with SHIELDS

Picking up a cow grants you a CHECKPOINT. Be careful, LAVA is rising, your SPACE and time is limited!

Please play on Chrome or Edge, the game has not been optimized for Firefox.

# Play the game!

<iframe id="iframe" src="/js13k-2021" width="960px" height="640px" frameborder="0" ></iframe>

<script>
    const iframe = document.getElementById('iframe');
    iframe.addEventListener('load', () => {
        iframe.contentWindow.document.addEventListener('keydown', function(event) {
            if (['ArrowUp', 'ArrowDown', 'ArrowLeft', 'ArrowRight'].includes(event.key)) {
                event.preventDefault();
            }
        });
    });
</script>

> If you're having trouble with the embedded version, try the js13k page [here](https://js13kgames.com/2021/games/space-cowboy)